[Bootstrap 5] UI Component Detail View Refactor (#7093)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/apps/migration/ui-component-framework/v3-ui-migration-guide.md

Bootstrap 3:

```html
<div class="panel panel-default">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Panel Title</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">
    Panel content goes here.
  </div>
  <div class="panel-footer">Panel Footer</div>
</div>
<div class="panel panel-primary">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Panel Title</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">
    Panel content goes here.
  </div>
  <div class="panel-footer">Panel Footer</div>
</div>
```

Bootstrap 5:

```html
<div class="card">
  <div class="card-header">
    <h5 class="card-title">Panel Title</h5>
  </div>
  <div class="card-body">
    Panel content goes here.
  </div>
  <div class="card-footer">Panel Footer</div>
</div>
<div class="card border-primary">
  <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
    <h5 class="card-title">Panel Title</h5>
  </div>
  <div class="card-body">
    Panel content goes here.
  </div>
  <div class="card-footer">Panel Footer</div>
</div>
```

## Positioning and Layout

- `.pull-left` is now `.float-start`
- `.pull-right` is now `.float-end`

> - `.center-block` is now `.mx-auto`

Reviewer: I would add information to encourage users to start using grid instead of float approach :)

Bootstrap 3:

```html
<ol class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="#">Home</a></li>
  <li><a href="#">Library</a></li>
  <li class="active"><a href="#">Data</a></li>
</ol>
```

Bootstrap 5:

```html
<ol class="breadcrumb">
    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="#">Home</a></li>
    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="#">Library</a></li>
    <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page"><a href="#">Data</a></li>
</ol>
```

## Buttons

- `.btn-default` is replaced by `.btn-secondary`
- `.close` is replaced by `.btn-close`
- `.btn-xs` (extra small) is removed; use `.btn-sm` as the smallest size

Bootstrap 3:

```html
<button class="btn-default"></button>
<button class="close" data-dismiss="alert">×</button>
```

Bootstrap 5:

```html
<button class="btn-secondary"></button>
<button class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert"></button>
```

## Hide/Show Elements

- `.hidden` is replaced by `d-none`
- `.visible-*` is replaced by `d-block` or `d-inline`
- `.hidden-xs` is replaced by `d-block d-sm-none` (hide on extra small)
- `.visible-xs` is replaced by `d-none d-sm-block` (show on extra small)

> - `hidden` is replaced by `visually-hidden` (visually hide elements but keep them accessible to assistive technologies e.g. screen readers)

Reviewer 2: Do we have ready examples of any of these?

Author: We do have `hidden` to `d-none` and `hidden` to `visually-hidden` in core. I included `visible-*` classes and `hidden-* `for completness sake.

## Label to Badge

- `.label` is replaced with `.badge`

> - The contextual classes (e.g., `.label-primary`, `.label-success`) are now `.badge-primary`, `.badge-success`, etc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The contextual classes (e.g., `.label-primary`, `.label-success`) now use the general-purpose classes `.bg-primary`, `.bg-success`, etc.
```

- `.pull-left` is now `.float-start`
- `.pull-right` is now `.float-end`
- `.center-block` is now `.mx-auto`
- Bootstrap 5 now has `position-relative`, `position-absolute`, and etc. to help you to position elements
- Bootstrap 3 grid system:
    - Uses 12-column grid system
    - Requires explicit breakpoint prefixes (`xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`)
    - Column widths are fixed per breakpoint
    - `offset` classes control positioning
- Bootstrap 5 grid system:
    - No more `xs` breakpoint
    - Uses `.col-*` auto-sizing if not specified (no need for exact column width)
    - Specifies `gutter` width via `.g-*` classes
    - `offset` classes are placed with `ms-auto`, `me-auto`, and `mx-auto`

Above is a short summary for the positioning and layout changes in Bootstrap 5, see more details in the Bootstrap 5 documentation about [columns](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/layout/columns/), [float](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/utilities/float/), and [position](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/utilities/position/).

## JavaScript Plugin Updates

- No more jQuery dependency; Bootstrap v5 javascript now use vanilla JavaScript

> - Ensure that your custom scripts do not rey on jQuery-based Bootstrap functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure that your custom scripts do not rely on jQuery-based Bootstrap 3 functions
```
